---
layout: post
title: About
---

*Echo Future Truth* is a three-part novel exploring isolation and psycho-spirtitual resilience at the imagined end of human existence. In Abrasion, a single woman, the last human being, faces off against a culture of machines millennia from now, desperately seeking any remnant of authentic connection that might have survived in the system that rules her life. Isolation is set in our present and follows a character intimately connected with the protagonist of part one, but separated from her by thousands of miles and thousands of years; he also is isolated from the rest of humanity and must battle his way back, only in his case the exile is self-imposed and the obstacles are of his own making. In the final act, Resistance, we follow the present-day technologists who scramble to understand (and encode) human need and human provision before abandoning the last human being to her fate. These pages are hosting a serialized audio presentation that begins December 2025. 

About D.P. Maddalena: I hold dual master's degrees in Divinity and Counseling Psychology, but my educational roots are in '80s Bennington College arts and letters (creative writing, theater, dance, sculpture, and painting). I've studied, lived, and worked around the world (Cambridge and London, UK; Athens, Greece; New York City; Los Angeles; Silicon Valley) and held alternating roles as educator, senior writer in the tech industry, community organizer, pastor, and, today, as a licensed psychotherapist. Along the way, I've self-published two nonfiction collections of essays; published poetry, essays, and collage in (now defunct) online and IRL magazines; and participated in local theater, music, and spoken-word performance art scenes. My fiction is shaped by decades under the influence of scripture and scholarship, poetry and theater, world culture and religion, modern psychology and spirituality, and, above all, people in their own magnificent stories.
